README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is a repository listing companies which offer full-time remote jobs with
Spanish contracts

# Why

When considering a remote job, it's natural to think that you can work for any
company in the world. However, if you live in Spain, working for companies
abroad means becoming self-employed, which has several drawbacks:

* Your employer can end your contract at any time
* You need to do extra paperwork compared to a regular full-time job
* There is no clear legal framework. Apparently it is not OK to be self-employed
  and work for a single Spanish company. There seems to be no clear messaging
  from the government that doing the same for a foreign company is OK

There is a significant amount of resources to find a remote job, but we have
found none targetting people living in Spain. As we believe that the number of
companies allowing remote work in Spain are limited, a list seems a good
approach for those seeking a remote work; they can simply go through the list
and look for open positions.

We would also like to be useful for workers residing majoritarily in Spain, but
who would like to work for extended periods of time in foreign countries too.

# Conditions

## Remote

We will only list companies which allow working fully remotely (e.g. you can
work from anywhere in Spain and you do not have to set foot in an office if you
don't want to). Some occasional travelling for onboarding, team building or
similar purposes is fine. Also the companies must also hire people using
Spanish full-time contracts (i.e. not self-employment). For example, the
following scenarios are OK:

* A completely Spanish company that hires in Spain with regular, non
  self-employed contracts people living in Spain
* A foreign company, with a Spanish legal entity to be able to hire people
  living in Spain, using regular, non self-employed contracts
* A foreign company, using an intermediary to hire people living in Spain, but
  the contract must also be Spanish, not requiring self-employment.

## Offers

Please provide a stable URL which lists all offers that meet the conditions
for being listed in this page (or a simple way to filter/locate them).

We recommend:

* Not using an URL or page that seems to be for a specific offer (e.g.
  `/blog/backend_python_dev`). People browsing the list might not feel
  confident that the offer is still available and up to date
* Showing clearly when offers were posted
* Highlight clearly which offers fulfill the criteria for this listing
  or that all offers do. For instance, indicate clearly which offers
  are remote, etc.

# Adding a company

If you are a company or an individual, send a PR which adds the company to the
list (in alphabetical order). Try to be brief to keep the list manageable.

Please make a note in the offer if:

* You have specific travel requirements (monthly onsites, etc.) which happen
  more than 3 times a year
* You require language knowledge other than Spanish and/or medium English

or anything you feel might be important to users of the list, especially if
this is not clearly stated in the offers in your listings.

Tag your offer with:

* (All offers are remote) if the job listing does not offer any indication
  that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly remote offers, but all jobs
  are remote.
* (All technical offers are remote) if the job listing does not offer any
  indication that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly remote offers,
  but all technical offers are remote.
* (View individual job offers to check for remote) if the job listing does
  not offer any indication that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly
  remote offers, so you need to check individual offers to see if the
  position is remote.
* (Async friendly)/(Async first) if you do not have specific availability
  requirements. This is especially interesting for workers who might be
  interested in working abroad for extended periods of time. You can also
  add details like (Preferred overlap of 3 hours with US Eastern office
  hours), (Night shift every 4 weeks), (4 day week), or (Requires
  availability 8-9 Europe/Madrid).

# Support

It is our objective for this list to remain useful and effective for job
searchers. If you use this list and notice that a company listed below is no
longer useful (broken URL, not clearly listing remote offers which fulfill
the criteria for the listing, etc.), please send a PR removing it (along
with a justification) or open an issue.

# Companies

* 11Onze [Open positions](https://11onze.breezy.hr/)
* ABA English [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/school/aba-english/jobs/)
* Alfred Smart Systems (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://static.assets.alfredsmartdata.com/jobs/)
* Akamai [Open positions](https://akamaicareers.inflightcloud.com/)
* Andjaro [Open positions](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/andjaro/jobs)
* Aplanet [Open positions](https://aplanet.org/careers/)
* Aplazame (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aplazame/jobs/)
* AREX Markets (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/arex/jobs/)
* Audiense [Open positions](http://aboutus.audiense.com/careers)
* Auth0 [Open positions](https://auth0.com/careers/positions?locations=Remote)
* Back Market [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/backmarket?location=Barcelona&commitment=PERMANENT%20CONTRACT%20%28FULL-TIME%29)
* Bankflip (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bankflip/jobs/)
* BeBanjo [Open positions](https://bebanjo.com/careers)
* Belvo [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/belvo/jobs)
* BestSecret [Open positions](https://jobs.bestsecret.com/en/jobs.html?location=Granada)
* Big Blue Analytics (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://bigblueanalytics.com/hiring/)
* Blacklane [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/blacklane)
* Blarlo [Open positions](https://github.com/blarlo/remote-job-offers)
* Blue Telecom Consulting (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.bluetc.es/en/work-with-us/job-offers)
* Brainly (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.brainly.com/open-positions/)
* Bravo Studio [Open positions](https://www.bravostudio.app/careers)
* BMAT [Open positions](https://bmat.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Bulevip [Open positions](https://adventures.freshpeople.team/jobs?department=Bulevip&remote=true)
* Cabify [Open positions](https://cabify.com/es/jobs)
* Camaloon [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/camaloon/)
* Capchase [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/capchase?commitment=Full%20-%20Time%20Remote&location=EU)
* CARTO [Open positions](https://carto.com/careers/)
* CitNOW [Open positions](https://www.citnow.com/about/careers/)
* Clarity AI [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/clarity-ai/)
* Clearpay EU [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/clearpayeu/)
* Cloudbees [Open positions](https://www.cloudbees.com/careers/job)
* Codegram [Open positions](https://www.codegram.com/careers)
* codi cooperatiu [Open positions](https://codi.coop/en/about-us/busquem-socies/)
* Colvin (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/colvin/jobs/)
* Confluent (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.confluent.io/careers/)
* Coopdevs (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://coopdevs.org/treballa-amb-nosaltres/)
* Copado [Open positions](https://www.copado.com/careers/#openpositions)
* Couragium [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/couragium-solutions/jobs/)
* Crealsa (possible visits every two months to HQ in Valencia) (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://crealsa.es/empleo/) 
* Crisp Studio [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/crispstudio/jobs/)
* Cubyn [Open positions](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/fr/companies/cubyn/jobs)
* Cyberdelia (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cyberdeliafactory/jobs/)
* Datadog [Open positions](https://www.datadoghq.com/careers/)
* Delitbee (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://delitbee.com/empleo)
* DeWocracy (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://github.com/dewocracy/careers)
* DocPlanner [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/docplanner/)
* Dragonfly [Open positions](https://www.wearedragonfly.co/careers)
* Ebury [Open positions](https://careers.ebury.com/)
* Edge Impulse [Open positions](https://www.edgeimpulse.com/careers#open-roles)
* Elastic [Open positions](https://www.elastic.co/about/careers/)
* Electromaps [Open positions](https://www.electromaps.com/articulo/unete-al-equipo-electromaps)
* Element [Open positions](https://element.io/careers)
* Empathy.co [Open positions](https://www.empathy.co/company/careers/)
* Eventbrite [Open positions](https://www.eventbritecareers.com/jobs/search?page=1&country_codes%5B%5D=ES&cities%5B%5D=Remote&query=)
* Exoticca [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/exoticca/)
* Factorial [Open positions](https://factorialhr.com/join-factorial)
* Fastly [Open positions](https://www.fastly.com/about/careers)
* FCM Lab (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://fcm-business-travel-lab-sl.factorialhr.es/#jobs)
* Fever [Open positions](https://careers.feverup.com/apply)
* Flywire [Open positions](https://www.flywire.com/company/careers)
* ForceManager [Open positions](https://forcemanager.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Form3 [Open positions](https://form3.tech/careers)
* fotograf.de [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/fotograf-de-1/jobs)
* FounderNest [Open positions](https://careers.foundernest.com/jobs)
* Genially (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/geniallyofficial/jobs)
* Genie [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/geniecorp/jobs/)
* Giant Swarm [Open positions](https://www.giantswarm.io/careers)
* GuideSmiths [Open positions](https://www.guidesmiths.com/careers)
* GitHub [Open positions](https://github.com/about/careers)
* Gofore (monthly travels to Madrid) (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://gofore.com/en/careers)
* Habitissimo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/habitissimo/jobs/)
* Hector Kitchen [Open positions](https://hectorkitchen.recruitee.com/#section-121611)
* Honeypot (All tech offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/honeypot)
* Hopin [Open positions](https://hopin.com/careers)
* Hotjar (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.hotjar.com/)
* HUBUC [Open positions](https://careers.hubuc.com/)
* humanITcare [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/humanitcare/jobs/)
* iContainers [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/Open-Positions-in-iContainers-a3f291c528bd4e60969b7206b09a3d0b)
* ING (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.ing.jobs/Espana/Home.htm)
* Igalia [Open positions](https://www.igalia.com/jobs/)
* Intelygenz (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://intelygenz.com/join-us/#careers)
* Iomob [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/iomob/jobs)
* jobandtalent (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobandtalent.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Justo Seguros (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/justoseguros/Open-Positions-574be9f0ca1a4251bfa179efc37dfcb9)
* Kahoot! [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/kahoot/)
* Kodify [Open positions](https://kodify.recruitee.com/#section-26652)
* LambdaLoopers [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/lambdaloopers/jobs/)
* Lana [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/lana/)
* Lang.ai [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/lang-ai/jobs/)
* Landbot (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.landbot.io/)
* Liferay [Open positions](https://jobs.jobvite.com/liferay/search?q=&r=&l=Remote%20-%20Spain&c=)
* LIFULL Connect [Open positions](https://www.lifullconnect.com/careers/)
* Lightbend [Open positions](https://www.lightbend.com/company/careers)
* Lingokids [Open positions](https://jobs.lingokids.com/)
* Learnlife [Open positions](https://learnlife.com/work-with-us)
* Localistico [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/localistico)
* Mailtrack [Open positions](https://mailtrack.io/blog/tag/jobs/)
* ManoMano (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/manomano?location=Barcelona)
* Marsbased [Open positions](https://marsbased.com/es/jobs/)
* mediasmart [Open positions](https://info.mediasmart.io/careers)
* Meta [Open positions](https://www.facebookcareers.com/jobs/?offices[0]=Remote%2C%20Spain)
* Mixmax [Open positions](https://www.mixmax.com/careers)
* MONEI [Open positions](https://monei.com/page/we-are-hiring/)
* modo [Open positions](https://doc.clickup.com/p/h/4aw7y-533/ff8c70b304156ba/4aw7y-533)
* MURAL [Open positions](https://www.mural.co/careers/open-roles)
* nc43|tech [Open positions](https://jobs.nc43tech.com/#jobs)
* Neutroon [Open positions](https://www.neutroon.com/career)
* Nexiona (monthly travels to the HQ in Barcelona) [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/nexiona/jobs)
* Nextail [Open positions](https://nextaillabs.recruitee.com/)
* New Work SE (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.new-work.se/en/career/vacancies)
* ninety nine (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://ninetynine.com/unete-al-equipo)
* Noddus [Open positions](https://www.enterprise.noddus.com/careers)
* Nuclia [Open positions](https://nuclia.com/careers/)
* Nucoro [Open positions](https://www.nucoro.com/careers)
* Oliva [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/oliva1/)
* Onna (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/onna)
* Osoigo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/osoigo/jobs/)
* Parkimeter [Open positions](https://parkimeter.factorialhr.com/#jobs)
* PayFit (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://payfit.com/en/careers/)
* PcComponentes [Open positions](https://www.pccomponentes.com/trabaja-con-nosotros)
* Picker [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/We-are-looking-for-Talent-7033e2f2f9534f54b4627b41157c00ec)
* Plain Concepts [Open positions](https://www.plainconcepts.com/careers/)
* Playtomic [Open positions](https://playtomic.jobs.personio.com)
* Plytix [Open positions](https://www.plytix.com/careers)
* Postman [Open positions](https://www.postman.com/company/careers/open-positions/)
* Psonrie [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/psonrie/jobs/) (all technical jobs are remote)
* Pulpo [Open positions](https://pulpomatic.teamtailor.com/jobs) (tech jobs are remote in Spain)
* Qatium [Open positions](https://qatium.recruitee.com/)
* QuestDB [Open positions](https://questdb.io/careers/)
* Rankia [Open positions](https://www.rankia.com/empleo/trabaja-en-rankia)
* Red Hat [Open positions](https://global-redhat.icims.com/jobs/search?ss=1&searchLocation=13549--Remote)
* Red Points [Open positions](https://www.redpoints.com/jobs/)
* Redradix (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/redradix-jobs-worldwide/)
* Ritmo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ritmo-capital/jobs/)
* SEAT:CODE [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/seatcode/jobs/)
* Seedtag [Open positions](https://seedtag.breezy.hr/)
* Seqera [Open positions](https://seqera.io/careers/)
* Shopery [Open positions](https://www.shopery.com/jobs)
* SIGNA Sports United [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/signa-sports-united/jobs/)
* Silt [Open positions](https://silt.notion.site/silt/Job-Board-f831b4a649e0498bbd2f67863f93cb1e)
* Sketch [Open positions](https://www.sketch.com/jobs/)
* Slite [Open positions](https://webflow-production.slite.com/jobs)
* SMART Technologies [Open positions](https://smarttechnologies.recruiterbox.com/?country=Spain&q=&limit=25)
* Sngular (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.sngular.com/es/ofertas/espana/all/)
* Sololearn [Open positions](https://sololearn.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Splash [Open positions](https://splashthat.com/careers)
* Splice Machine [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/splicemachine/)
* Spotahome (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://rent.spotahome.com/work-with-us)
* Spotify [Open positions](https://www.lifeatspotify.com/jobs?l=remote-emea)
* Stayforlong (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/stayforlong/jobs/)
* Stream [Open positions](https://grnh.se/b7d3076c3us)
* Streamloots [Open positions](https://careers.streamloots.com/)
* Stuart [Open positions](https://stuart.com/careers/)
* Sysdig [Open positions](https://sysdig.com/jobs/)
* TaxScouts (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://taxscouts.es/unete-al-equipo/)
* TBSCG [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tbscg/jobs/)
* Teamwire [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?f_C=1487350&f_CR=105646813&f_WT=2&geoId=92000000&sortBy=R)
* The Hotels Network (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://info.thehotelsnetwork.com/en/careers)
* The Knot Worldwide [Open positions](https://www.theknotww.com/careers-view-all-jobs/)
* Tinybird [Open positions](https://www.tinybird.co/about#join-us)
* Tot-em [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tot-em/jobs/)
* Trialing (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/trialing/jobs/)
* Tribaldata [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tribaldata/jobs/)
* Twilio (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/twilio/)
* Typeform (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.typeform.com/careers/)
* Verbio (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.verbio.com/company/)
* Vistaprint (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.vistaprint.com/Vistaprint/go/Barcelona%2C-Spain/7789500/)
* Vitaance (Monthly trips to Barcelona/Madrid) [Open positions](https://vitaance.jobs.personio.com/)
* Vizzuality (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://vizzuality.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* VMware, Inc. (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.vmware.com/location/jobs?country=ESP%7CSpain)
* Volcanic Internet [Open positions](https://volcanicinternet.com/en/work-with-us/)
* Voxel (occasional travels to the office in Barcelona) (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.voxelgroup.net/people/en/home-eng/#page6)
* Wallbox [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/wallbox/)
* World Mobile [Open positions](https://careers.worldmobile.io/?&location=Barcelona%2C%20ES#positions)
* Xceed [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/xceed/jobs)
* XpertAI (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://xpertai.teamtailor.com/jobs)
* YouGov [Open positions](https://jobs.yougov.com/jobs)
* Z1 [Open positions](https://z1.digital/careers)

# Others

* JobFluent [Open positions](https://www.jobfluent.com/es/empleos-remoto) JobFluent is a Spanish job search site that allows filtering for 100% remote positions and only listing companies with offices in Spain.
* Manfred [Open positions](https://github.com/getmanfred/offers/wiki) Manfred is a recruiting company. Offers marked as `FULL REMOTE` and with a salary in euro comply with the conditions stated above.
* Remote First [Open positions](https://remotefirst.digital/empresas/ofrecen-contrato-espanol) Remote First is a Spanish remote job search site that allows filtering for offers complying with the conditions stated above.

# Related projects

* Italy [Awesome Italia Remote](https://github.com/italiaremote/awesome-italia-remote)

Commit message:

Tweak further
It seems that working abroad requires company backing, so removed
references to working abroad, because that's not something we should
"endorse" without further explanation (ideally, if we had time, we'd
provide at least a few pointers if you want to explore this possibility).

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is a repository listing companies which offer full-time remote jobs with
Spanish contracts

# Why

When considering a remote job, it's natural to think that you can work for any
company in the world. However, if you live in Spain, working for companies
abroad means becoming self-employed, which has several drawbacks:

* Your employer can end your contract at any time
* You need to do extra paperwork compared to a regular full-time job
* There is no clear legal framework. Apparently it is not OK to be self-employed
  and work for a single Spanish company. There seems to be no clear messaging
  from the government that doing the same for a foreign company is OK

There is a significant amount of resources to find a remote job, but we have
found none targetting people living in Spain. As we believe that the number of
companies allowing remote work in Spain are limited, a list seems a good
approach for those seeking a remote work; they can simply go through the list
and look for open positions.

# Conditions

## Remote

We will only list companies which allow working fully remotely (e.g. you can
work from anywhere in Spain and you do not have to set foot in an office if you
don't want to). Some occasional travelling for onboarding, team building or
similar purposes is fine. Also the companies must also hire people using
Spanish full-time contracts (i.e. not self-employment). For example, the
following scenarios are OK:

* A completely Spanish company that hires in Spain with regular, non
  self-employed contracts people living in Spain
* A foreign company, with a Spanish legal entity to be able to hire people
  living in Spain, using regular, non self-employed contracts
* A foreign company, using an intermediary to hire people living in Spain, but
  the contract must also be Spanish, not requiring self-employment.

## Offers

Please provide a stable URL which lists all offers that meet the conditions
for being listed in this page (or a simple way to filter/locate them).

We recommend:

* Not using an URL or page that seems to be for a specific offer (e.g.
  `/blog/backend_python_dev`). People browsing the list might not feel
  confident that the offer is still available and up to date
* Showing clearly when offers were posted
* Highlight clearly which offers fulfill the criteria for this listing
  or that all offers do. For instance, indicate clearly which offers
  are remote, etc.

# Adding a company

If you are a company or an individual, send a PR which adds the company to the
list (in alphabetical order). Try to be brief to keep the list manageable.

Please make a note in the offer if:

* You have specific travel requirements (monthly onsites, etc.) which happen
  more than 3 times a year
* You require language knowledge other than Spanish and/or medium English

or anything you feel might be important to users of the list, especially if
this is not clearly stated in the offers in your listings.

Tag your offer with:

* (All offers are remote) if the job listing does not offer any indication
  that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly remote offers, but all jobs
  are remote.
* (All technical offers are remote) if the job listing does not offer any
  indication that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly remote offers,
  but all technical offers are remote.
* (View individual job offers to check for remote) if the job listing does
  not offer any indication that all offers are remote, nor marks clearly
  remote offers, so you need to check individual offers to see if the
  position is remote.
* (Async friendly)/(Async first) if you do not have specific availability
  requirements. This is especially interesting for workers who might be
  interested in working on a different scheduoe or timezone. You can also
  add details like (Preferred overlap of 3 hours with US Eastern office
  hours), (Night shift every 4 weeks), (4 day week), or (Requires
  availability 8-9 Europe/Madrid).

# Support

It is our objective for this list to remain useful and effective for job
searchers. If you use this list and notice that a company listed below is no
longer useful (broken URL, not clearly listing remote offers which fulfill
the criteria for the listing, etc.), please send a PR removing it (along
with a justification) or open an issue.

# Companies

* 11Onze [Open positions](https://11onze.breezy.hr/)
* ABA English [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/school/aba-english/jobs/)
* Alfred Smart Systems (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://static.assets.alfredsmartdata.com/jobs/)
* Akamai [Open positions](https://akamaicareers.inflightcloud.com/)
* Andjaro [Open positions](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/andjaro/jobs)
* Aplanet [Open positions](https://aplanet.org/careers/)
* Aplazame (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aplazame/jobs/)
* AREX Markets (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/arex/jobs/)
* Audiense [Open positions](http://aboutus.audiense.com/careers)
* Auth0 [Open positions](https://auth0.com/careers/positions?locations=Remote)
* Back Market [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/backmarket?location=Barcelona&commitment=PERMANENT%20CONTRACT%20%28FULL-TIME%29)
* Bankflip (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bankflip/jobs/)
* BeBanjo [Open positions](https://bebanjo.com/careers)
* Belvo [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/belvo/jobs)
* BestSecret [Open positions](https://jobs.bestsecret.com/en/jobs.html?location=Granada)
* Big Blue Analytics (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://bigblueanalytics.com/hiring/)
* Blacklane [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/blacklane)
* Blarlo [Open positions](https://github.com/blarlo/remote-job-offers)
* Blue Telecom Consulting (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.bluetc.es/en/work-with-us/job-offers)
* Brainly (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.brainly.com/open-positions/)
* Bravo Studio [Open positions](https://www.bravostudio.app/careers)
* BMAT [Open positions](https://bmat.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Bulevip [Open positions](https://adventures.freshpeople.team/jobs?department=Bulevip&remote=true)
* Cabify [Open positions](https://cabify.com/es/jobs)
* Camaloon [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/camaloon/)
* Capchase [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/capchase?commitment=Full%20-%20Time%20Remote&location=EU)
* CARTO [Open positions](https://carto.com/careers/)
* CitNOW [Open positions](https://www.citnow.com/about/careers/)
* Clarity AI [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/clarity-ai/)
* Clearpay EU [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/clearpayeu/)
* Cloudbees [Open positions](https://www.cloudbees.com/careers/job)
* Codegram [Open positions](https://www.codegram.com/careers)
* codi cooperatiu [Open positions](https://codi.coop/en/about-us/busquem-socies/)
* Colvin (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/colvin/jobs/)
* Confluent (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.confluent.io/careers/)
* Coopdevs (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://coopdevs.org/treballa-amb-nosaltres/)
* Copado [Open positions](https://www.copado.com/careers/#openpositions)
* Couragium [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/couragium-solutions/jobs/)
* Crealsa (possible visits every two months to HQ in Valencia) (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://crealsa.es/empleo/) 
* Crisp Studio [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/crispstudio/jobs/)
* Cubyn [Open positions](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/fr/companies/cubyn/jobs)
* Cyberdelia (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cyberdeliafactory/jobs/)
* Datadog [Open positions](https://www.datadoghq.com/careers/)
* Delitbee (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://delitbee.com/empleo)
* DeWocracy (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://github.com/dewocracy/careers)
* DocPlanner [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/docplanner/)
* Dragonfly [Open positions](https://www.wearedragonfly.co/careers)
* Ebury [Open positions](https://careers.ebury.com/)
* Edge Impulse [Open positions](https://www.edgeimpulse.com/careers#open-roles)
* Elastic [Open positions](https://www.elastic.co/about/careers/)
* Electromaps [Open positions](https://www.electromaps.com/articulo/unete-al-equipo-electromaps)
* Element [Open positions](https://element.io/careers)
* Empathy.co [Open positions](https://www.empathy.co/company/careers/)
* Eventbrite [Open positions](https://www.eventbritecareers.com/jobs/search?page=1&country_codes%5B%5D=ES&cities%5B%5D=Remote&query=)
* Exoticca [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/exoticca/)
* Factorial [Open positions](https://factorialhr.com/join-factorial)
* Fastly [Open positions](https://www.fastly.com/about/careers)
* FCM Lab (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://fcm-business-travel-lab-sl.factorialhr.es/#jobs)
* Fever [Open positions](https://careers.feverup.com/apply)
* Flywire [Open positions](https://www.flywire.com/company/careers)
* ForceManager [Open positions](https://forcemanager.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Form3 [Open positions](https://form3.tech/careers)
* fotograf.de [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/fotograf-de-1/jobs)
* FounderNest [Open positions](https://careers.foundernest.com/jobs)
* Genially (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/geniallyofficial/jobs)
* Genie [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/geniecorp/jobs/)
* Giant Swarm [Open positions](https://www.giantswarm.io/careers)
* GuideSmiths [Open positions](https://www.guidesmiths.com/careers)
* GitHub [Open positions](https://github.com/about/careers)
* Gofore (monthly travels to Madrid) (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://gofore.com/en/careers)
* Habitissimo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/habitissimo/jobs/)
* Hector Kitchen [Open positions](https://hectorkitchen.recruitee.com/#section-121611)
* Honeypot (All tech offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/honeypot)
* Hopin [Open positions](https://hopin.com/careers)
* Hotjar (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.hotjar.com/)
* HUBUC [Open positions](https://careers.hubuc.com/)
* humanITcare [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/humanitcare/jobs/)
* iContainers [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/Open-Positions-in-iContainers-a3f291c528bd4e60969b7206b09a3d0b)
* ING (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.ing.jobs/Espana/Home.htm)
* Igalia [Open positions](https://www.igalia.com/jobs/)
* Intelygenz (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://intelygenz.com/join-us/#careers)
* Iomob [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/iomob/jobs)
* jobandtalent (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobandtalent.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Justo Seguros (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/justoseguros/Open-Positions-574be9f0ca1a4251bfa179efc37dfcb9)
* Kahoot! [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/kahoot/)
* Kodify [Open positions](https://kodify.recruitee.com/#section-26652)
* LambdaLoopers [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/lambdaloopers/jobs/)
* Lana [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/lana/)
* Lang.ai [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/lang-ai/jobs/)
* Landbot (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.landbot.io/)
* Liferay [Open positions](https://jobs.jobvite.com/liferay/search?q=&r=&l=Remote%20-%20Spain&c=)
* LIFULL Connect [Open positions](https://www.lifullconnect.com/careers/)
* Lightbend [Open positions](https://www.lightbend.com/company/careers)
* Lingokids [Open positions](https://jobs.lingokids.com/)
* Learnlife [Open positions](https://learnlife.com/work-with-us)
* Localistico [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/localistico)
* Mailtrack [Open positions](https://mailtrack.io/blog/tag/jobs/)
* ManoMano (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/manomano?location=Barcelona)
* Marsbased [Open positions](https://marsbased.com/es/jobs/)
* mediasmart [Open positions](https://info.mediasmart.io/careers)
* Meta [Open positions](https://www.facebookcareers.com/jobs/?offices[0]=Remote%2C%20Spain)
* Mixmax [Open positions](https://www.mixmax.com/careers)
* MONEI [Open positions](https://monei.com/page/we-are-hiring/)
* modo [Open positions](https://doc.clickup.com/p/h/4aw7y-533/ff8c70b304156ba/4aw7y-533)
* MURAL [Open positions](https://www.mural.co/careers/open-roles)
* nc43|tech [Open positions](https://jobs.nc43tech.com/#jobs)
* Neutroon [Open positions](https://www.neutroon.com/career)
* Nexiona (monthly travels to the HQ in Barcelona) [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/nexiona/jobs)
* Nextail [Open positions](https://nextaillabs.recruitee.com/)
* New Work SE (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.new-work.se/en/career/vacancies)
* ninety nine (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://ninetynine.com/unete-al-equipo)
* Noddus [Open positions](https://www.enterprise.noddus.com/careers)
* Nuclia [Open positions](https://nuclia.com/careers/)
* Nucoro [Open positions](https://www.nucoro.com/careers)
* Oliva [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/oliva1/)
* Onna (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/onna)
* Osoigo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/osoigo/jobs/)
* Parkimeter [Open positions](https://parkimeter.factorialhr.com/#jobs)
* PayFit (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://payfit.com/en/careers/)
* PcComponentes [Open positions](https://www.pccomponentes.com/trabaja-con-nosotros)
* Picker [Open positions](https://www.notion.so/We-are-looking-for-Talent-7033e2f2f9534f54b4627b41157c00ec)
* Plain Concepts [Open positions](https://www.plainconcepts.com/careers/)
* Playtomic [Open positions](https://playtomic.jobs.personio.com)
* Plytix [Open positions](https://www.plytix.com/careers)
* Postman [Open positions](https://www.postman.com/company/careers/open-positions/)
* Psonrie [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/psonrie/jobs/) (all technical jobs are remote)
* Pulpo [Open positions](https://pulpomatic.teamtailor.com/jobs) (tech jobs are remote in Spain)
* Qatium [Open positions](https://qatium.recruitee.com/)
* QuestDB [Open positions](https://questdb.io/careers/)
* Rankia [Open positions](https://www.rankia.com/empleo/trabaja-en-rankia)
* Red Hat [Open positions](https://global-redhat.icims.com/jobs/search?ss=1&searchLocation=13549--Remote)
* Red Points [Open positions](https://www.redpoints.com/jobs/)
* Redradix (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/redradix-jobs-worldwide/)
* Ritmo (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ritmo-capital/jobs/)
* SEAT:CODE [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/seatcode/jobs/)
* Seedtag [Open positions](https://seedtag.breezy.hr/)
* Seqera [Open positions](https://seqera.io/careers/)
* Shopery [Open positions](https://www.shopery.com/jobs)
* SIGNA Sports United [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/signa-sports-united/jobs/)
* Silt [Open positions](https://silt.notion.site/silt/Job-Board-f831b4a649e0498bbd2f67863f93cb1e)
* Sketch [Open positions](https://www.sketch.com/jobs/)
* Slite [Open positions](https://webflow-production.slite.com/jobs)
* SMART Technologies [Open positions](https://smarttechnologies.recruiterbox.com/?country=Spain&q=&limit=25)
* Sngular (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.sngular.com/es/ofertas/espana/all/)
* Sololearn [Open positions](https://sololearn.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* Splash [Open positions](https://splashthat.com/careers)
* Splice Machine [Open positions](https://jobs.lever.co/splicemachine/)
* Spotahome (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://rent.spotahome.com/work-with-us)
* Spotify [Open positions](https://www.lifeatspotify.com/jobs?l=remote-emea)
* Stayforlong (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/stayforlong/jobs/)
* Stream [Open positions](https://grnh.se/b7d3076c3us)
* Streamloots [Open positions](https://careers.streamloots.com/)
* Stuart [Open positions](https://stuart.com/careers/)
* Sysdig [Open positions](https://sysdig.com/jobs/)
* TaxScouts (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://taxscouts.es/unete-al-equipo/)
* TBSCG [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tbscg/jobs/)
* Teamwire [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?f_C=1487350&f_CR=105646813&f_WT=2&geoId=92000000&sortBy=R)
* The Hotels Network (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://info.thehotelsnetwork.com/en/careers)
* The Knot Worldwide [Open positions](https://www.theknotww.com/careers-view-all-jobs/)
* Tinybird [Open positions](https://www.tinybird.co/about#join-us)
* Tot-em [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tot-em/jobs/)
* Trialing (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/trialing/jobs/)
* Tribaldata [Open positions](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tribaldata/jobs/)
* Twilio (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://boards.greenhouse.io/twilio/)
* Typeform (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.typeform.com/careers/)
* Verbio (View individual job offers to check for remote) [Open positions](https://www.verbio.com/company/)
* Vistaprint (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://jobs.vistaprint.com/Vistaprint/go/Barcelona%2C-Spain/7789500/)
* Vitaance (Monthly trips to Barcelona/Madrid) [Open positions](https://vitaance.jobs.personio.com/)
* Vizzuality (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://vizzuality.bamboohr.com/jobs/)
* VMware, Inc. (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://careers.vmware.com/location/jobs?country=ESP%7CSpain)
* Volcanic Internet [Open positions](https://volcanicinternet.com/en/work-with-us/)
* Voxel (occasional travels to the office in Barcelona) (All technical offers are remote) [Open positions](https://www.voxelgroup.net/people/en/home-eng/#page6)
* Wallbox [Open positions](https://apply.workable.com/wallbox/)
* World Mobile [Open positions](https://careers.worldmobile.io/?&location=Barcelona%2C%20ES#positions)
* Xceed [Open positions](https://angel.co/company/xceed/jobs)
* XpertAI (All offers are remote) [Open positions](https://xpertai.teamtailor.com/jobs)
* YouGov [Open positions](https://jobs.yougov.com/jobs)
* Z1 [Open positions](https://z1.digital/careers)

# Others

* JobFluent [Open positions](https://www.jobfluent.com/es/empleos-remoto) JobFluent is a Spanish job search site that allows filtering for 100% remote positions and only listing companies with offices in Spain.
* Manfred [Open positions](https://github.com/getmanfred/offers/wiki) Manfred is a recruiting company. Offers marked as `FULL REMOTE` and with a salary in euro comply with the conditions stated above.
* Remote First [Open positions](https://remotefirst.digital/empresas/ofrecen-contrato-espanol) Remote First is a Spanish remote job search site that allows filtering for offers complying with the conditions stated above.

# Related projects

* Italy [Awesome Italia Remote](https://github.com/italiaremote/awesome-italia-remote)
